README.md, before:

# remote-study
I will be posting here some useful links that may help you to find a work or study material, English and Portuguese lenguage.

## Study
- <a href="https://rocketseat.com.br/">Rocketseat | A menor distância entre você e seus objetivos</a> - Transforme sua carreira e seja um programador desejado no mercado, dominando as ferramentas mais modernas de desenvolvimento web e mobile.

- <a href="https://www.alura.com.br/">Alura | Cursos online de tecnologia</a> - Aprenda Programação, Mobile, Front-end, Design, UX, Infraestrutura, Marketing Digital e Data & BI com didática inovadora.

- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/">freeCodeCamp</a> - Learn to code for free.

- <a href="https://www.urionlinejudge.com.br">URI Online Judge</a> - The URI Online Judge is a project that is being developed by the Computer Science Department of URI University. The main goal of the project is to provide programming practice and knowledge sharing. <a href="https://github.com/edn9/uri">*</a>

- <a href="https://devdocs.io/">DevDocs.io</a> - DevDocs combines multiple API documentations in a fast, organized, and searchable interface.

- <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/">W3Schools</a> - W3Schools is optimized for learning, testing, and training. Examples might be simplified to improve reading and basic understanding.

- <a href="https://www.treinaweb.com.br/">TreinaWeb</a> - A TreinaWeb é a maior escola para desenvolvedores do Brasil. Com cursos online de programação, criação de aplicativos e lógica de programação.

- <a href="https://www.udemy.com/">Udemy</a> - Udemy is an online learning and teaching marketplace with over 100,000 courses and 24 million students.

- <a href="https://www.devmedia.com.br/">DevMedia</a> - Aulas curtas, dinâmicas e focadas nas necessidades do mercado. Por isso não usamos professores. Na DevMedia quem te ensina a programar é o programador!

- <a href="http://www.brasilmaisti.com.br/index.php/pt-br/">Brasil Mais TI - Cursos gratuitos com certificado</a> - Cursos online gratuitos com certificado. Tenha acesso a diversos cursos da área de tecnologia.

- <a href="https://www.codewars.com/">Codewars</a> - Codewars is where developers achieve code mastery through challenge. Train on kata in the dojo and reach your highest potential.

- <a href="https://flexboxfroggy.com/">Flexbox Froggy</a> - A game for learning CSS flexbox. Expert - No Directions & Random Levels. Colorblind Mode.

- <a href="https://www.efset.org/">EF Standard English Test (EF SET)</a> - Test Your English Skills and Set Yourself Apart (Certificate)

- <a href="https://ocw.mit.edu/index.htm">MIT OpenCourseWare</a> - MIT OpenCourseWare is a web-based publication of virtually all MIT course content. OCW is open and available to the world and is a permanent MIT activity.

- <a href="https://dash.generalassemb.ly/">Dash</a> - Dash is a fun and free online course that teaches you the basics of web development through projects you can do in your browser.

- <a href="https://www.theodinproject.com/home">The Odin Project</a> - Our full stack curriculum is free and supported by a passionate open source community.

- <a href="https://www.edx.org/">edX</a> - Access 2000 free online courses from 140 leading institutions worldwide. Gain new skills and earn a certificate of completion. Join today.

- <a href="https://codeasy.net/">Codeasy</a> - Read adventure story and learn C# programming language having lots of fun!

- <a href="https://github.com/felipefialho/frontend-challenges">frontend-challenges
</a> - Listing some playful open-source's challenges of jobs to test your knowledge 

 <!--
- <a href=""></a> - 
-->

## Work

- <a href="https://vulpi.com.br/">Vulpi</a> - Utilize a Vulpi para contratar desenvolvedores ou encontrar oportunidades de TI em BH, SP e outras cidades. Startup de RHTech de BH.

- <a href="https://impulso.network">Impulso Network</a> - A Impulso Network é uma comunidade com milhares de profissionais de TI que integra diversas iniciativas, produtos e serviços para a colaboração mútua.

- <a href="https://bossabox.com">BossaBox</a> - Tenha um squad de elite, remoto, ágil e multidisciplinar trabalhando em seu produto digital. Fale hoje mesmo com um de nossos vendedores.

- <a href="https://hipsters.jobs/">Hipsters.jobs</a> - Procurando vagas de estágio ou emprego na área de TI? Diversas empresas de tecnologia publicam diariamente vagas no Hipsters.jobs.

- <a href="https://github.com/frontendbr/vagas">Front-End BR</a> - Espaço para divulgação de vagas para front-enders.

- <a href="https://programathor.com.br/">ProgramaThor - Oportunidades para Desenvolvedores</a> - Oportunidades de trabalho e vagas de programação em Java, PHP, Ruby, iOS, Android, Javascript, Python, Objective-C, C#,... para você!

- <a href="https://github.com/ti-no-canada/imigracao-para-o-canada#sites-com-possibilidades-de-trabalho-remoto-em-tempo-integral-ou-freelance-para-ajudar-nos-planos-financeiros-de-imigra%C3%A7%C3%A3o">Imigração-para-o-Canada.jobs
</a> - Sites com possibilidades de trabalho remoto em tempo integral ou freelance para ajudar nos planos financeiros de imigração.

- <a href="https://www.itjobs.pt/">ITJobs</a> - Emprego e Formação em Tecnologias de Informação (Portugal/Remoto)

Commit message:

chore: new website to study
* Digital Innovation: A full website with courses and jobs opportunity

README.md, after:

# remote-study

I will be posting here some useful links that may help you to find a work or study material, English and Portuguese lenguage.

## Study

- <a href="https://rocketseat.com.br/">Rocketseat | A menor distância entre você e seus objetivos</a> - Transforme sua carreira e seja um programador desejado no mercado, dominando as ferramentas mais modernas de desenvolvimento web e mobile.

- <a href="https://www.alura.com.br/">Alura | Cursos online de tecnologia</a> - Aprenda Programação, Mobile, Front-end, Design, UX, Infraestrutura, Marketing Digital e Data & BI com didática inovadora.

- <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/">freeCodeCamp</a> - Learn to code for free.

- <a href="https://www.urionlinejudge.com.br">URI Online Judge</a> - The URI Online Judge is a project that is being developed by the Computer Science Department of URI University. The main goal of the project is to provide programming practice and knowledge sharing. <a href="https://github.com/edn9/uri">\*</a>

- <a href="https://devdocs.io/">DevDocs.io</a> - DevDocs combines multiple API documentations in a fast, organized, and searchable interface.

- <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/">W3Schools</a> - W3Schools is optimized for learning, testing, and training. Examples might be simplified to improve reading and basic understanding.

- <a href="https://www.treinaweb.com.br/">TreinaWeb</a> - A TreinaWeb é a maior escola para desenvolvedores do Brasil. Com cursos online de programação, criação de aplicativos e lógica de programação.

- <a href="https://www.udemy.com/">Udemy</a> - Udemy is an online learning and teaching marketplace with over 100,000 courses and 24 million students.

- <a href="https://www.devmedia.com.br/">DevMedia</a> - Aulas curtas, dinâmicas e focadas nas necessidades do mercado. Por isso não usamos professores. Na DevMedia quem te ensina a programar é o programador!

- <a href="http://www.brasilmaisti.com.br/index.php/pt-br/">Brasil Mais TI - Cursos gratuitos com certificado</a> - Cursos online gratuitos com certificado. Tenha acesso a diversos cursos da área de tecnologia.

- <a href="https://www.codewars.com/">Codewars</a> - Codewars is where developers achieve code mastery through challenge. Train on kata in the dojo and reach your highest potential.

- <a href="https://flexboxfroggy.com/">Flexbox Froggy</a> - A game for learning CSS flexbox. Expert - No Directions & Random Levels. Colorblind Mode.

- <a href="https://www.efset.org/">EF Standard English Test (EF SET)</a> - Test Your English Skills and Set Yourself Apart (Certificate)

- <a href="https://ocw.mit.edu/index.htm">MIT OpenCourseWare</a> - MIT OpenCourseWare is a web-based publication of virtually all MIT course content. OCW is open and available to the world and is a permanent MIT activity.

- <a href="https://dash.generalassemb.ly/">Dash</a> - Dash is a fun and free online course that teaches you the basics of web development through projects you can do in your browser.

- <a href="https://www.theodinproject.com/home">The Odin Project</a> - Our full stack curriculum is free and supported by a passionate open source community.

- <a href="https://www.edx.org/">edX</a> - Access 2000 free online courses from 140 leading institutions worldwide. Gain new skills and earn a certificate of completion. Join today.

- <a href="https://codeasy.net/">Codeasy</a> - Read adventure story and learn C# programming language having lots of fun!

- <a href="https://github.com/felipefialho/frontend-challenges">frontend-challenges
  </a> - Listing some playful open-source's challenges of jobs to test your knowledge

- <a href="https://digitalinnovation.one/"> Digital Innovation One</a> -
  Uma comunidade com +20 mil desenvolvedores e +500 atividades técnicas para você aprender e praticar.

 <!--
- <a href=""></a> - 
-->

## Work

- <a href="https://vulpi.com.br/">Vulpi</a> - Utilize a Vulpi para contratar desenvolvedores ou encontrar oportunidades de TI em BH, SP e outras cidades. Startup de RHTech de BH.

- <a href="https://impulso.network">Impulso Network</a> - A Impulso Network é uma comunidade com milhares de profissionais de TI que integra diversas iniciativas, produtos e serviços para a colaboração mútua.

- <a href="https://bossabox.com">BossaBox</a> - Tenha um squad de elite, remoto, ágil e multidisciplinar trabalhando em seu produto digital. Fale hoje mesmo com um de nossos vendedores.

- <a href="https://hipsters.jobs/">Hipsters.jobs</a> - Procurando vagas de estágio ou emprego na área de TI? Diversas empresas de tecnologia publicam diariamente vagas no Hipsters.jobs.

- <a href="https://github.com/frontendbr/vagas">Front-End BR</a> - Espaço para divulgação de vagas para front-enders.

- <a href="https://programathor.com.br/">ProgramaThor - Oportunidades para Desenvolvedores</a> - Oportunidades de trabalho e vagas de programação em Java, PHP, Ruby, iOS, Android, Javascript, Python, Objective-C, C#,... para você!

- <a href="https://github.com/ti-no-canada/imigracao-para-o-canada#sites-com-possibilidades-de-trabalho-remoto-em-tempo-integral-ou-freelance-para-ajudar-nos-planos-financeiros-de-imigra%C3%A7%C3%A3o">Imigração-para-o-Canada.jobs
  </a> - Sites com possibilidades de trabalho remoto em tempo integral ou freelance para ajudar nos planos financeiros de imigração.

- <a href="https://www.itjobs.pt/">ITJobs</a> - Emprego e Formação em Tecnologias de Informação (Portugal/Remoto)
